Update Changelog for Release 0.2.0 (#121)
ASFHyP3/asf-stac: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.2.0]
### Added

> - Created a STAC item collection for the entire coherence dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Created a STAC item collection for the `sentinel-1-global-coherence` dataset.
```

### Changed

> - Improved API performance by increasing database instance size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved API performance by increasing database instance size and storage type.
```
